# CS-340

#How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

In order for me to write good programs, I first look for resources to use as notes to create the code for the program. When finding the resource, I usually stick with the resources basic set of code given instead of doing heavy modification. Without major modifications, I was mostly able to use my CRUD py file for many ipynb files throughout the course instead of having to create different files each and every week. In the future, I can do slight modifications to my CRUD py file in order to create new programs by only changing user, password, and db information because I have already tested the CRUD file that has been previously successful.

#How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

The way I approach a problem as a computer scientist is by breaking down the code piece by piece to tackle smaller projects within a larger project instead of writing a large amount of code. I frequently run many tests throughout the creation of the code to test each small segment to make sure each segment is compatible with each other. I also use past created code as a template for any new files being created with a similar design such as CS 340 module 6 and project 2. One of the ways I approached this class differently than other courses was by communicating with classmates. I usually try to find the answer myself instead of getting feedback from my peers. However, I ran into several errors in this class whether it was an internal service error using jupyter notebook, connection issues, debug issues, etc. There was certain code where I was unable to realize the issue until having another individual look at my code with a different set of eyes. A technique I would use would be to use these py and ipynb files created in this course as a template to create any other files similar to this design by another client. I could use these files as skeleton code in order to develop the new project quickly using files which were already successfully tested.

#What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

Computer scientists use technolgy in order to solve problems whether its creating a database, giving users the ability to modify data, store data, etc. The work accomplished in project 2 would allow companies to be able to use the code as a model (For companies not seeking rescue dogs) to easily search for data by using a selection button to easily filter for the requested information. The code would also give location and chart information for either a particular set of data and / or allow the comparison of certain data to complete the needs of the company.


